That was such a compelling movie.
It sure was. I felt betrayed by
the final scene, but in a good way.
Uh-huh.
Oh, Valentine's Day is next week, huh?
My, how time flies...
Speaking of which, what kind of
chocolate should I make this year?
You make such good chocolate
that it's really hard to decide.
Where am I?
My map app has let me down...
Hey there!
We kind of know this part of town.
Would you like us to show you the way?
W-Would you?
This is that over there,
and you go along here like this.
Thank you, Ladies! Thank you so much!
No worries.
Hey, you think you can manage by yourself?
If you want, we could walk you there.
Oh, that's okay. I'm meeting somebody...
...and they'd tease me if you did that.
Oh, okay. Be careful now.
I know my way now, so I'll be okay.
You were such a great help.
Futaba, how long do you
plan to keep on waving?
Natsumi, he said, "Ladies."
Hey there, Igarashi.
You look like you're in a good mood.
Lately it seems people are finally
starting to recognize I'm a grown woman.
I really don't see the connection
between me and being childish, anyway.
What do you mean?
That's the part of you
I'm seeing right now.
"Episode 5: Valentine Symphony"
I want chocolate!
What's with you all of a sudden?
Valentine's Day is next week, right?
I'd like to get some heartfelt chocolate
from somebody this year for sure!
"From somebody"? You don't care who?
Well, chocolate from Sakurai-san
would be great, if she'd give it to me.
She gives it to you every year.
Courtesy chocolate, that is.
You never know...
This year may be different.
For some reason, I get the feeling our
eyes have met more often than last year.
Twice out of every ten times, for sure.
That's just because
you stare at her too much.
Hello, everybody!
Hey there!
Hey.
Aren't you going to ask her?
V-Valentine's Day is coming up, isn't it?
Oh, it's that time of year again? Guess I
should start getting ready for it, then.
By "getting ready," are you saying...
...there's someone you'd like to give
some extra special chocolate to?
"Extra special"?
By that I mean, heartfelt chocolate...
"Warm Beverage"
I'm saying I need to get the chocolate
for everyone in the office ready.
Like I do every year.
"Warm Beverage"
See? What'd I tell you?
We won't know for sure
until the day arrives.
These are pretty heavy...
Senpa... i...?
Senpai!
Senpai! Senpai?
Oh, if you're looking for Takeda-kun,
he left to make some
sales calls this afternoon.
Oh, he did?
Do you wish you'd gone
with him, Igarashi-chan?
Please don't get the wrong idea! I was
only wondering where he could've gone.
Hello, Chief?
Takeda-kun. Did things go well?
It ended without a hitch, so I think
things went as well as we could hope for.
It's almost quitting time, so you can go
straight home from there today.
What? You sure?
Everyone here's starting to head home.
Okay. Bye!
"Chief
Call Ended"
That means she's on her way home, too.
See you tomorrow!
"Da-ding!"
"Takeda Harumi:
I'm done here,
so how about dinner?
Let's have ramen!"
See you tomorrow!
See you!
"Igarashi Futaba: Okay! It may take me
30 minutes to get there."
I've got some time before she gets here...
Guess I'll grab a coffee...
H-Help!
Shut up, kid! This is a shakedown!
Fork over the dough!
"Australopithecus Dentistry"
You okay?
Y-Yes, sir...
Catch!
Um... Thank you so much, sir.
Hey, no worries. I keep myself fit
for times like these. But look, kid...
A man shouldn't cry so easily
over a little thing like that.
Was it really such a little thing?
But still, no matter what I do,
nothing ever works out right for me...
I mean, really, it seems like someone's
always coming to my rescue...
Just the other day, in fact, I got lost,
and these kind people helped me out...
There's nothing wrong with that.
I think it's good
that you can rely on others.
Do you really think so?
Senpai! Sorry to keep you waiting!
Hey, aren't you...?
Did things go okay the other day?
Wait, you guys know each other?
Yes, sort of.
Thank you so much for
your kindness the other day.
Oh, it was no trouble.
"A Big Hit"
"Meaty and Juicy!!"
"Manta? Bowl 500yen"
"It's tasty!"
Um, my name's Sakurai Yuto.
When we met the other day,
I couldn't find where I was
supposed to meet my big sister...
Sakurai?
Big sister?
Come to think of it,
I do see a resemblance...
You're right.
Um...
Yuto! Sorry I'm late!
Sis!
That's strange! What are
the two of you doing here?
So, you are Sakurai-san's...
It's a small world, huh?
Do both of you know my sister?
Yeah...
We all work at the same office.
Really?
Hey, we were just about to go have some
ramen. Do you guys want to come with?
Ramen?
Hey, uh, this was a spur-of-the-moment
thing, you know!
I was just getting hungry. Please--
I'm sorry, but we have plans this evening.
We're going now, Yuto.
Goodbye!
Be careful now!
Well, we'd better get moving, too.
All right.
I wanted to have some ramen, too.
We'll go some other time.
They're so expensive!
Yeah, they're a bit expensive, huh?
They've got them in our color...
--Yeah, they do!
--Aren't they cute?
They're really excited, aren't they?
It sure looks that way. You might even
get some chocolate this year, Yuto.
Who, me?
I bet there's a girl who likes you, Yuto.
N-No there's not!
Yeah...
I bet these are really good.
I wonder if Sakurai-san
gave somebody some chocolate.
Yeah, I'm really dying to find out.
Let's go around and ask
the girls one by one.
That's a great idea!
Hey, did you give somebody
some chocolate, Touko?
No, that's not something I...
Yeah, I guess you popular girls
aren't like the rest of us.
They come flocking to you, and you don't
even have to bribe them with chocolate.
Hey, what's that supposed to mean?
Sis?
Are we swinging by the store to get
the stuff we need for dinner?
Yeah.
"Gyoza"
"Itomaki Ramen"
Howdy!
Welcome!
Oh, it's just you, Harumi.
That's no way to talk to a customer.
I'd completely forgotten you were one.
This is Igarashi. She's my kouhai at work.
Make her some of your tasty ramen.
Nice to meet you.
Yeah, same here.
Do you come here often, Senpai?
He called you by name just a minute ago...
Yeah, I've been coming here
since I was a student.
Really?
So, what'll you have?
"Menu Ver. 2.12"
I recommend the Valentine's Day special.
"Super Sweet!!
Valentine Chocolate Ramen"
I recommend the Valentine's Day special.
Chocolate ramen...?
Not another one of your crazy ideas.
What do you mean "crazy"?
Always pushing the envelope.
That's my policy, you know!
I admit it's pretty gutsy of you,
but who'd actually eat this stuff?
What did you say?
I don't eat sweet stuff
that often, anyway.
Give me a bowl of tonkotsu ramen.
Uh... I'll have what he's having.
Mommy, look!
Shush! You mustn't stare!
Look! When I walk on this,
I'm taller than you!
You sure are.
S-Sir?
You need to pay in cash...
Mmm, all of these are simply amazing!
I think your coworkers will be
very pleased, Futaba.
Really?
I'm not giving Takeda-senpai any!
No one said anything about him...
Wouldn't you feel sorry for Takeda-san
if he was the only one who didn't get any?
"Powdered Green Tea"
Wow!
"Thanks Everybody!"
--What's that?
--It looks so good!
"Thanks Everybody!"
This is homemade, isn't it?
Who would make something this wonderful?
Wow...
It looks too good to eat...
So does your chocolate, Futaba-chan!
You even added some cute illustrations.
I like to draw, that's why.
This bear looks just like Takeda-san.
Are you giving one to him, too?
Well, he is always looking out for me...
But he doesn't eat sweet stuff that often.
Well, you're really amazing, Futaba-chan.
"Suzuki: Meeting"
"Takeda: Sales Calls (Back @ 4PM)"
What's the matter with Kazama-san?
Hey there! Today's the day we've all
been waiting for... Valentine's Day!
Yep, that's right.
Okay, here you go.
Thanks for always being a great help.
Thank you.
I've got to ask you just to make sure.
My chocolate's heartfelt, right?
Right?
No, it's courtesy.
Of course, it is.
That's strange.
Your chocolate's gone, Hijikata-kun.
I set it down right here...
This is pretty good.
Hey, that's for Hijikata-kun!
Oh.
Hey, hold on there!
That's mine. Give it--
Calm down and feast on this instead.
It's my special homemade vodka chocolate.
Good, huh?
Hey, are you all right?
I scored some homemade chocolate!
What a tough mentality you've got!
Hey there.
Oh, good afternoon.
Takeda-senpai, what's that?
Oh, this? I got it at a client's.
That's some pretty expensive
chocolate, you know.
Really? It is?
Compared to that, mine's...
Wait a sec. Could that actually be
heartfelt chocolate?
You normally wouldn't give
something like that as a courtesy...
Hey, you all right?
Y-Y-You're too close!
Sorry, sorry. It's just that you had
this strange look on your face.
And whose fault do you think that is?
Forget it.
You want to have some of this?
It's from the wife of the chief at
Maki Textiles. He gives you his regards.
Uh...
How the heck do you pronounce this?
The chief at Maki Textiles?
Oh! That chief at Maki Textiles.
Is that so...
Go-ba-d-day-da-da...
Um... here you go...
They're homemade...
You did? Wow. Hey,
did you draw the bear, too?
Well... yeah...
Thanks! You mind if I have some now?
G-Go right ahead.
Okay, then! Thanks!
Um, how does it taste?
Mmm, this is great!
Well, I'm glad to hear that.
Wait a sec. This kind of
tastes like green tea.
I-I mixed in some powdered green tea.
I figured that way it'd be agreeable
for someone who doesn't eat sweets.
Oh, really? That makes sense.
"Mon Energy Drink"
Hey, are you okay?
You look kind of down today.
I'm just fine.
Seriously, what's wrong?
Are you not feeling well?
You're not acting like your usual self.
And I was so looking forward
to giving you this.
A chocolate bar? Why?
Because it is Valentine's Day, after all.
Here you are.
Which kind of chocolate is this?
Hmm, I wonder.
Well, I'm 100% sure it's courtesy.
Why did you jump to that conclusion?
Because it's just a chocolate bar.
Sakurai?
A chocolate bar is still chocolate,
you know!
Homemade or expensive chocolate
may taste better, but...
...this is still perfectly good chocolate!
It's the thought that counts, right?
I never thought you'd be one to judge
based on appearances, Kazama-kun!
Weren't you walking with
some other guy the other day?
You gave it to him, right?
Your heartfelt chocolate, I mean.
Are you talking about my little brother?
Looks like someone got the wrong idea.
I probably wouldn't give heartfelt
chocolate to my brother.
N-No, you probably wouldn't.
Thanks.
For the chocolate bar.
Oh, Kazama-san!
This is from the chief.
Okay, thanks.
I'm dead serious! Kazama-san
had this huge grin on his face!
You're kidding!
I am not!
I find it hard to believe.
To smile like that... I bet you something
really good happened to him.
Like what?
Um... like maybe he got
some heartfelt chocolate?
--What?
--Yeah, right. From who?
Yeah, like who?
If you want my opinion, I think it's...
H-Hey guys! How about we have
some of this cake here?
Somebody brought it here,
and it looks so delicious!
But who the heck made this?
My thoughts exactly.
I bet Chief did.
He likes this sort of thing.
But this year he really outdid himself.
No way!
Happy Valentine's Day!
"Illustration: Akihito Tsukushi"